Here for a good time not a long time
i’ve redownloaded and deleted my tinder account out of boredom so many times i’ve lost count
i just b vibin
+10 pts if you have tattoos -5 pts if you have a picture holding a fish
i wanna be a milf when i’m older
entertain me
used to be a lifeguard and i couldn’t swim and that is my 13th reason why.
just out here looking for my next bp partner

I just wanna feel something, you know?
If you’re watching AOT season 4, hmu
Child of divorce
Let’s vibe
shoe game is a must
ask what ya wana know
golden retriever boys are elite
they’re really cute!! *swipes left* F U C K
i’m hilarious once you get to know me
Everything is better at the river
Looking to restore my faith in men.
I have a good heart. Don’t fuck it up
I was bored so here I am.
hi this is a joke but if you’re cute slide right
I’m a softie bottom and I love to cuddle
Into dark beer and dry humor
Just looking for someone I can quote movie lines and go on late night drives with
Only dead fish follow the stream.
Just another paper cut survivor
Make an assumption about me
crazy frog has been stuck in my head since ‘09
lil booty big heart
What’s your favorite conspiracy theory?
Either at the gym or home
tap to the last photo if u wanna see a reindeer
I may be 4’11 but that just shows I’m super down to earth
Let me give you some mf love and affection
let’s vibe and listen to drake
I have disney+ isn't that hot?
if you won’t watch Disney movies or The Breakfast Club constantly then might as well swipe left
i just want someone to watch movies and go on picnics with 3
probably sleeping under a weighted blanket rn,
swipe right if you love your mum
if you don’t like sugarfree red bull get lost
i may be ugly but bro , lemme tell yall about this heart
I'm a lil bit of everything.
you can win me over with good music
impress me with ur best pickup line hehe
Don’t think you can handle that crackhead energy
i’ll try not to show you up in front of your friends... most of the time
You would matter to me
I sing a lot. The type where my neighbors where sick of me singing.
If you have a dog in your pic there’s about a 75%
I just need someone to explore and go on midnight drives with me.
You’re going to fall in love with me, it’s inevitable.
Ask urself.. wut is it that she ain’t messing w?
50/50 chance Im ugly or pretty ; take a pick
drop your fav artist in my messages and take me to a rave
all i know is sit pretty, drink iced coffee, and lie.
I believe in the universe and all that deep shit
I kind of just want someone’s attention
Im a Starbucks person
I like you, I don’t bite
I swiped right on you, you must have a good personality
I dont know what got me on here lol but lets see how this goes
Swipe till the end for a serotonin boost
probably more awkward than you but message me to find out.
let's talk movies and exchange childhood trauma.
pls teach me how to parallel park
Not ugly... I think
Just tryna do face masks with someone
I think something is wrong with your phone, it doesn’t seem to have my number in it
If there’s cheese involved, I’m there.
I express feminine and masculine energy
i can make us a mean picnic
sofa king bored
If you see me on this and you know me, no you don’t
i'm that bitch who acts like thrifting and painting are personality traits ✌
will play with your hair
please ruin my life, responsibly irresponsible
pls send me your star sign and top 5 albums✨
having a bet with a friend, so send me your funniest pick up line
hold my hand from six feet apart
pls send me ur favorite tiktoks
anyone wanna go peach picking?
if u know me u didn’t see this
I swear I’m not tall
as long as you use the right “you’re” , we should get along
Shoot your shot
Can I borrow your hoodie?
If you know me in real life and see me on here don’t mention this
i will unintentionally break your heart♡
Don’t be shy show me your dog
i like to take spontaneous trips to ikea.
I was told my soulmate is hoeing around so I downloaded Tinder to find them
i called dibs on this butterfly filter
hate long walks on the beach
Just looking for someone I can quote movie lines with
im just tryna steal someones hoodie
can we watch scary movies and murder documentaries
Love a good dad joke
I just want to have fun and live life to the fullest I possibly can to be completely honest!!!
fun fact: I can do the wave with my eyebrows
honestly just trying this out haha and seeing what happens 
here for the memes.
I have a rabbit....he’s pretty cute8’5 if that matters...
I have nothing to offer but a horrible sense of humor
I don’t do much and I kinda look like an egg
Respect my authority
Ice cream can solve any problem
Just bought some pepper spray, looking to try it out on someone 
need something real toxic trying to feel something lol
First-year pre-nursing student and certified to do CPR on you... just incase you need it.
 Good food is the way to my heart 
I'm more on the conservative side, but I still can have fun when I'm with the right person
 Wine and cheese are my go tos
I like anything that can be construed as a creative outlet.
Tiktok isn’t a personality trait.
She leaves a little sparkle wherever she goes.
if we aren’t dancing to my spotify anthem at the wedding you are not the one!
You can ruin my life or whatever
I’ll design your house one day
I like picking peoples brains ...but I’m no surgeon
I just be chilling
Very passionate about coffee.
this app is trash so i fit right in
Let’s see who has the best pick up lines 
give me a reason to delete this app
Ill drink and watch friends with you
i like holding hands and making shitty art
make me laugh and ill let u cuff me
Bored.. tell me something I’ve never heard before
I change my hair color so much you will never get bored 
You know who likes food and travel? Everyone
My glasses! I can’t see without my glasses!
Hey Hmu I Don't Bite
I’m easy to spot in crowds
honestly just bored soooo come ruin my life
send me your best pick up line
Really bad at texting back unless I like you
pretty cool to say the least\
i act like everything is fine but deep down i need some head 
I like holding people’s hands while I fart.
coffee is half my personality
Let’s go through a list of everything until we find something in common
We are here for a fun time not a long time
We just trying to make friends
At least take me out to dinner first
tell me something interesting
let’s like...lay on some concrete and talk about our feelings
tell me about your best party trick
Very short shawty looking for her tree to climb
Do you think a microwave is a necessity?
Where the guys with face tats
Patiently waiting to be abducted by an alien
Feeling conflicted sometimes I like being out in nature other times I like staying in bed all day watching tv
explain inflation to me
Desperate online, hot enough to pull it off in person.
Love movies and my cat.
my grandparents met on here so I decided to give it a try
I laugh very, very easily
say fuck it and yolo
a mouth is a mouth
Won’t break your heart, but will steal your fries
we can step on each other 
Let’s go an adventure, message me your ideas
looking for some fun
It is was it is but what is it
come here often?
I look up the endings to movies and books so I know it’s a happy one.
Cute Christmas dates pls
Let’s vibe to good music
play w my hair not my feelings
Not good at this
If you don’t read books I don’t want to date you.
Take me on a real date
Bitter Sweet
I just b chillin
Might wanna try some cute shit or something
Sometimes nothing can be a real cool hand
overly sarcastic
Down for whatever
will probably like your dog more than you
i can try to guess ur zodiac sign :D
Not your average anything
tell me about your life
Just looking for someone who wants to get boba and talk
i hope u obsess over me as much as i do myself 3
lookin for some snuggles
Tryna take a nap 
put me on some new music
east coast attitude on the west coast
feed me grapes n whisper me sweet nothing
extra points for creativity
i cant possibly hate you as much as i hate myself.
this started out as a joke
tik tok takes up most of my time
If you make me laugh you can stay forever
If you beat me in cod or in knowing more movie quotes I’ll buy u the ps5
Just an awkward shy girl living the best life that I can.
I can and will give you all my attention, just ask
Me and the dog are a package deal
wife material
shall we go for an iced tea? ☕️
But will you take me on a date to Costco ?
5’9I don’t drink but I’ll drive you home
u could defo do better than me champ x
if you listen to harry styles HMU
Sense of humor and good music taste
come thrifting with me 
can’t spell menu without me n u
Actress and sarcasm expert
i just like to dance with random strangers so if your down
need someone to carry me so i don’t crease my shoes.
send me ur best pickup line
Tell me your favorite soup
if you don’t drive this probably won’t work
Lmk if you have fun double date ideas or parties 
your personal angel✨
I want a car bf
I wanna see pictures of your dog
If you get the name you’re pretty chill
what magical item do you wish you owned?
I laugh at everything so say something funny
Bored and looking for someone to talk to, I definitely need some new friends.
Yes my dog is currently the love of my life.......unless you?....
When’s the wedding then?
The type of girl your mother warned you about.
if i don’t respond quickly it’s bc i don’t check this app all of the time!
If you make me laugh, you win
Hand over the forehead kisses
I’m hilarious once you get to know me
I’m just tryna hold your hand at the car
All i want is a cutie to paint with
Honestly, just send me a pic of your dog if you have one :)
Looking for that special one
always down for new adventures
A mess who looks like she’s doing okay
Pick up lines win my heart
Just tryna get treated right
I’m bored, let’s talk :)
Going with the flow
I laugh very, very easily
I look much better in person
Known for being soft skin and being sweet
Let’s go an adventure, message me your ideas
I eat way too much, I hope you can cook.
I was bored so here I am.
I don’t know how to make the first move, so you better do it first.
Looking for cool people who are passport ready
The only thing I got going for me is that I’m funny.
Only here when boredom strikes at 3 am!
Let’s solve world mysteries together.
Looking for friends, enemies, whatever.
Sorry if I’m boring. I work a lot lol
Seeking validation, new friendships, or dates!
Not really sure what I’m on here for to be honest
I’m not looking for anything, come into my life and change it
just here to embarrass myself
99% of  what I say is sarcasm
Looking for a partner in virtual crime
Loved my red hair but had to go natural for work
This is my bored activity
I give up on making a bio just ask what you want to know
i spend alot of time thinking about the universe 
halloween is my favorite holiday 
the last time i was someones type i was donating blood 
do you know who else likes food and travel everyone 
i don t even care if you re a serial killer at this point
i like being choked but sea turtles dont pick up your trash
semi professional bathroom singer
can cook decent pasta
my favorite soup :vodka
felt cute might delete late
certified gf material
you ve found me what were your other two wishes 
professional shower singer seeking company
love at first swipe
just your type
certified n1 cuddler
tie your laces wouldn t want you falling for anyone else
will make you breakfast
batshit crazy for you
sweeter than honey
will date you for your dog
will date you for your cat
im cultured in that i like alcohol and traveling
i hope you like badgirls because im bad at everything
new to tinder
practicing gratitude is a hobby
i have a simple taste im satisfied by the best 
bad at flirting
too much energy at night none in the morning
can probably outdrink you
loves animals and might steal your pets
You look pretty cute, but you would look better with nothing on. 
You look cute in those clothes, but I would look better in you.  
Will join your Among Us group in a heartbeat.
Looking for fun, not love.
I bet I can get more frags than the Jett main you play with.
Let’s vibe till we realize we’re worth the title <3 
Even if the stars burn out, my love for you won’t.
I’m a Victoria’s Secret model. It’s just a secret not even Victoria knows. 
I don’t even care if you’re a murderer at this point. 
How about a night of binging with me?
Dogs will always be more superior than cats and that’s a fact.
I can cook instant noodles like you’ve never tasted before. 
Dog lover, both with animals and on the bed with people ;)
My friends forced me to be here.
This is strictly to comply with a dare. 
Please swipe right, I’m desperate.
I don’t care if you got red flags, I got the shades to match. 
Territorial and solitary except during mating season
I can fly you to islands, Like Mykonos
I can give you a view that's ridiculous
Don’t expect an immediate answer, my notifications are off because of the deafening silence.
Hope you’re colorblind cuz I’m a walking red flag.
Introvert here available for adoption.
I’m really hot if you close your eyes.
I don’t mean to brag but I can get out of bed before my alarm snoozes.
I’m rich.
I’ll buy you drinks until I look good in your eyes.
Water is the best beverage.
Here to give myself unlimited false hope.
I can get you flexin on your exes. 
I don’t know what a budget is.
Please be financially responsible, I need help.
I ain’t got no cruel intentions, unless you want it ;)
We just out here vibin’ ;) 
Like Ant-Man I can get bigger with the press of a button, come figure out which one ;)
Looking for a workout buddy that won’t give up on the third day.
I honestly just want to cuddle in rainy weather.
Let’s watch gorey shit together.
Literally have nothing else to do and that’s how I got here.
Must be able to push me into a wall.
i take my best naps wearing jeans
aries obsessed with taylor swift
My dog is pretty cute
just looking for friends and party invites
so when we gonna ft?
Be a good person
If you want some bad driving story you found the right person
I have zero matches, a new account I am bored. 
this account was made out of boredom but who knows 
good time or long time, would just rather not be on here all the time
5’2 with some attitude
don’t be dumb
I keep this app in my games folder
I’m too straight up to people and they don’t seem to like the honesty
I love when people are kind and have great personalities...with a slamming jawline.
i literally think i’m so funny but like if u ask anyone else they won’t agree
our first kid has to be named stacy
If you don’t think I’m funny this isn’t gonna work:/
damn boy u must be my gpa cause I know I can do better, I’m just too lazy to actually try.
chicken nuggets are the key to my heart
need netflix recommendations asap
Take me on a date
My job is secure No one else wants it
U sad u mad
If you’re funny we’ll work out
I work with old people, ask me the weirdest thing that has ever been said to me
I promise I’m not too weird
Just looking for a good time
Deathly allergic to gluten but pretty low maintenance other than that
I have a lot of pets. Kayak fishing, crocheting and video games are my favorite things.
If you can make me laugh I might just fall for you
buy me a coffee or hit the gym w/ me\ndont be an asshole
The best of me is yet to come
5’2 and relatively interesting
Be kind to otters.
If you like impractical jokers and marvel then it’s a automatic W
Hit me up first so I know its real
who got plans for tonight
Bitch with double Ds she’s all up on my erection\n-Jordan Belfort
Big tiddies bigger heart
vibes gotta be right or you’re out pal
always tired and an avid podcast listener
I don’t care what you say. Butterflies up close are scary as fuck.
looking for friends and a hookup lmao ;)
kinda funny sometimes
not a people person
looking for someone to carry me in pong
guess how tall i am\navid lizard catcher
Cats and Dogs lover
Tryna party at the zoo tonight
Hey There:)
an irish girl
I'm an honest person i want something real
;) invite me to your parties !
fuck a zodiac sign, what’s your favorite cereal?
I’m the type of person to send a bunch of separate texts when I could’ve sent it in one
I am so openminded my brains will fall out some day
just a gal with a good credit score
I love funny people & having fun & drinking that’s all
50/50 chance I swiped on your for your dog
chicken nuggets are the key to my heart
I'm not short I'm penguin-sized. 
normalize deleting this app and redownloading it a min later
I really love dad jokes so send them my way.
My only personality trait is being able to eat 30 chicken nuggets in a sitting.
I wanted to put a cute cat photo at the end but tinder said no :(
We should *blank* sometime 
I think love is not free. It’s price is your heart.
buy me flowers or someone’s dad is getting fucked
I do not have a favorite food
Your pickup line doesn’t impress me
i play the cat
Bonus points if you can say my name right on the first try
Swipe to see my dog… IM GETTING A PUPPY AT THE END OF SEPTEMBER
Hi, if you don't like dogs don't swipe right
uni student, criminal justice major, and absolutely addicted to TikTok
Okay, but can you hold a conversation?
Just for shits n gigs
trying this out again
i work at an animal hospital
i love food and cuddles
if u cant make me laugh then i dont want it
if youre taller than me i already love you
i have like a million favorite songs
send me ur best pickup line then we can discuss a date
so whyd you swipe right? be honest
ask and find out!
no pick up line is a bad pick up line
pls teach me about astrology
im coffee obsessed and love to cuddle
swipe right if youre trying to assist in dissapointing my parents
match my energy and see where this goes
i dont know how to swim and im scared of commitment
looking for someone to send fit pics too daily
if you have a boat then i 100% swiped right
i have no idea what im on here for
Just looking for someone who shares my love of old drake songs
There are two kinds of people in this world and I dont like them
sorry in advance
i’m done playin games, someone wife me up
If you’re gonna swipe left, turn your phone upside down first
Extra points if your an athlete
everyones special in their own way, im just yet to figure how tf I am
Bio changed just for the sake of changing it
In some cultures what I do is considered normal
i just wanna swipe
Born to express not to impress
I used to be indecisive but now Im not so sure
Fresh out of giving a Fck
Far away it seems
Souls are rare - pretty faces are everywhere
Got to have good chat otherwise I’ll get bored
Will I regret saying ask me anything?
I'm not a skinny person but i have got back into my fitness with goals
I like dry wine and dry humour, hmu
If you think I’m pretty wait until you find out how fucking sound I am as well
Probably have mixed personality disorder
Idk I like the outdoors, food, cats
lung cancer enthusiast
Guys that make the first move> everyone else - may as well join nunnery at this point
Greggs threatened to sue me once, that’s all i’ve got.
Your parents will love me
She’s a 10 but has 10 red flags
Not looking for anything too serious.. dm me boys


